All right.
So domain types.
This was actually one where it was a five minute challenge for Go Daddy for them to sort of recognize
you I guess at the end of the day was Go Daddy's challenge.
And what we have here is an array that takes in domain names like Wiki dot org code Facebook com dot
net and dot info and what we want here is to find out if it's a information site and networking site
a commercial site or organization.
So that's what we're going to be doing here.
We're dot net needs our network info information so forth and so on.
So the way that I solved it I split and push and there's probably a great Jex that might be able to
do this for them but I feel like this is just as good.
So go ahead and jump right into it.
All right.
So I created an array called domain type and I stored the values in here for each one of these or else.
And what I did was I entered it through the array that was being passed in.
I then split it up on each individual dot and then I checked the very last one to see if it match org
commnet or info.
And did I push the type of domain it was to it accordingly.
So that's how we're going to solve this one.
So we're going to say domain type.
I'm going to set this to a string array and repeat school to an empty race.
I know that when I say like for what i equals zero is less than the domains that are being passed in
total length iterate through each one.
All right.
Now we just have it if and I'm probably going to copy a lot of this logic over and just second I want
to say you know say cons conc the last domain last domain is equal to the domain.
I forgot to split it.
So we need to split it first so create a domain here.
So the domain is the string except we are now splitting domains.
Dot split on the character and we need to go ahead and just assign equals and not the type.
There you go.
So now we split that up.
We want the last domain to be equal to domain domain lanes minus one that would give us our last value.
Now that we have that all we're doing here is checking if last domain is equal equal to four.
If it is we just want to push two domain type organization
and let's go ahead and just copy this about four times so we're going have to modify it slightly.
We'll take care of that.
So this if it's now going to be an ELSE IF and the org instead will be a column.
This will be commercial and this will be a sieve and this will be a net and this will be network
and then this will be an LCF or else if it's of a house is it.
It could be foreseeable that it doesn't match one of these four types and we don't want to do anything
with it because that wasn't the objective.
So all the info and that the information
and finally we just go ahead.
So the for loop turn domain type.
And that's it really at the end of day.
There's probably a better way of doing this.
I remember being under quite a bit of stress trying to solve this in under five minutes and this was
the first thing that came to mind.
But it's pretty readable you get an idea what's going on here but I usually don't like multiple elses
as well so might be some way that we can avoid that.